3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
components are related to ANS nuclear safety classification, NRC quality groups, ASME Code,
Section III classification, seismic category and other applicable industry standards, as shown in
Table 3.2-3.
3.2.2.1 Classification Definitions
The definitions used in the classification of structures, systems and components are provided in
the following. Unless otherwise noted these definitions apply throughout the Design Control
Document. These definitions are consistent with the ANS Definitions for Light Water Reactor
Standards (ANS-58.14-1993).
Safety-related is a classification applied to items relied upon to remain functional during or
following a design basis event to provide a safety-related function. Safety-related also applies to
documentation and services affecting a safety-related item.
Safety-related function is a function that is relied upon during or following a design basis event
to provide for the following:
• The integrity of the reactor coolant pressure boundary
• The capability to shut down the reactor and maintain it in a safe shutdown condition
• The capability to prevent or mitigate the consequences of accidents that could result in
potential offsite exposures comparable to the guideline exposures of 10 CFR 50.34.
Design basis event is an event that is a condition of normal operation (including anticipated
operational occurrences), a design basis accident, an external event, or natural phenomena for
which the plant must be designed so that the safety-related functions are achievable.
Design basis accidents and transients are those design basis events that are accidents and
transients and are postulated in the safety analyses. The design basis accidents and transients are
used in the design of the plant to establish acceptable performance requirements for structures,
systems, and components.
3.2.2.2 Application of Classification
The AP1000 requires adaptation of safety classification documents and standards because of the
way that the AP1000 accomplishes safety-related functions.
In addition to 10 CFR 50.55a, the AP1000 classification has been developed considering
requirements and guidelines in the following:
• ANSI N18.2 (Reference 1) – safety classification
• ANS 51.1 (Reference 2) – safety classification
• Regulatory Guide 1.26 – Quality Groups
• Regulatory Guide 1.97 – instrumentation requirements
• 10 CFR 21.
Tier 2 Material 3.2-4 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
Conformance with the guidelines of Regulatory Guides 1.26 and 1.97 is discussed in
subsection 1.9.1.
The general guidelines for safety classification in the ANSI and ANS standards are useful in the
development of the AP1000 classification. The specific classifications for various structures,
systems, and components included in Regulatory Guide 1.26 and ANSI 18.2 and ANS 51.1 are
based on a nuclear power plant with active safety systems and are not necessarily appropriate for
the passive safety systems of the AP1000.
For the purposes of equipment classification, structures, systems, and components are classified as
Class A, B, C, D, E, F, G, L, P, R, or W. For mechanical equipment Classes A, B, and C are
equivalent to ANS Safety Class 1, 2, and 3. For electrical equipment Class C is equivalent to
Class 1E. Structures, systems, and components classified equipment class A, B, or C or seismic
Category I are basic components as defined in 10 CFR Part 21.
Equipment Class D is a nonsafety-related class. Classes E, F, G, L, P, R, and W are nonsafety-
related classes associated with different industry codes and standards.
Components are classified down to the replacement part level according to the definitions and
criteria of the classification system. A single item or portion thereof, which provides two or more
functions of different classes, is classified according to the most stringent function. Different
portions of the same structure, system, or component may perform different functions and be
assigned to different equipment classes if the structure, system, or component contains a suitable
interface boundary.
The definitions and criteria for the AP1000 equipment classes follow.
3.2.2.3 Equipment Class A
Class A is a safety-related class equivalent to ANS Safety Class 1. It applies to the reactor coolant
system pressure boundary, including the required isolation valves and mechanical supports. This
class has the highest integrity, and the lowest probability of leakage.
10 CFR 21 applies to Class A structures, systems, and components. Class A structures, systems,
and components are seismic Category I and use codes and standards consistent with the guidelines
for NRC Quality Group A. 10 CFR 50, Appendix B applies. ASME Code, Section III, Class 1
applies to pressure retaining components.
3.2.2.4 Equipment Class B
Class B is a safety-related class equivalent to ANS Safety Class 2. It limits the leakage of
radioactive material from the containment following a design basis accident. This class is designed
to accomplish the following:
• It provides fission product barrier or primary containment radioactive material holdup or
isolation.
Tier 2 Material 3.2-5 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
• It provides the containment boundary including penetrations and isolation valves. This also
includes piping that functions as the containment boundary. For example, the steam and
feedwater system inside containment and the secondary shell of the steam generator are
Class B by this criterion.
• It circulates a non-containment/non-reactor coolant fluid to provide a post-accident safety-
related function into and out of the containment. These lines have a Class B pressure
boundary inside the containment. The outside containment lines in this circulation loop can
be Class C or a nonsafety-related class if suitable containment isolation valves are provided.
• It introduces emergency negative reactivity to make the reactor subcritical (for example,
control rods).
• This class also applies to structures, systems, and components where leakage could cause a
loss of adequate core cooling. In isolating leaks, credit can be taken for automatic safety-
related isolation and for appropriate operator action. As a minimum, operator action needs
redundant safety-related indication and alarm followed by 30 minutes for operator action.
10 CFR 21 applies to Class B structures, systems, and components. Class B structures, systems,
and components are seismic Category I and use codes and standards consistent with the guidelines
for NRC Quality Group B. 10 CFR 50, Appendix B applies. ASME Code, Section III, Class 2 or
Class MC applies to pressure retaining components. ASME Code, Section III, Subsection NE
applies to the containment vessel and guard pipes.
3.2.2.5 Equipment Class C
Class C is a safety-related class equivalent to ANS Safety Class 3. It applies to other safety-related
functions required to mitigate design basis accidents and other design basis events. Minor leakage
will not prevent Class C structures, systems, and components from meeting the safety-related
function, either from the regard of radiation dose or system functioning.
This class also applies to equipment that, upon rupturing, would cause dose limits for unrestricted
areas, as specified in 10 CFR 20, to be exceeded or would cause a loss of core cooling.
10 CFR 21 applies to Class C structures, systems, and components. Class C structures, systems,
and components use codes and standards consistent with the guidelines for NRC Quality Group C.
Class C structures, systems, and components are seismic Category I except those noted below
which are not required to provide a safety-related function following a seismic event. 10 CFR 50,
Appendix B applies. ASME Code, Section III, Class 3 applies to pressure retaining components.
In addition to these requirements, for systems that provide emergency core cooling functions, full
radiography in accordance with the requirements of ASME Code, Section III, ND-5222 of a
random sample of welds will be conducted on the piping butt welds during construction. For
Class C air and gas storage tanks fabricated without welding, ASME Code, Section VIII,
Appendix 22 may be used in lieu of Section III, Class 3. 10 CFR 50, Appendix B requirements
and 10 CFR 21 apply to the manufacture of safety-related air and gas storage tanks. For core
support structures ASME Code, Section III, Subsection NG applies. For electrical systems,
Tier 2 Material 3.2-6 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
appropriate IEEE standards, including IEEE standard 323-74 (Reference 3) and IEEE standard
344-87 (Reference 4), apply.
Class C applies to structures, systems, and components not included in Class A or Class B that are
designed and relied upon to accomplish one or more of the following safety-related functions:
• Provide safety injection or maintain sufficient reactor coolant inventory to allow for core
cooling
• Provide core cooling
• Provide containment cooling
• Provide for removal of radiation from the containment atmosphere as necessary to meet the
offsite dose limits
• Limit the buildup of radioactive material in the atmosphere of rooms and areas outside
containment as necessary to meet the offsite dose limits
• Introduce negative reactivity control measures to achieve or maintain safe shutdown
conditions (for example, boron addition)
• Maintain geometry of structures inside the reactor vessel so that the control rods can be
inserted (when required) and the fuel remains in a coolable geometry
• Provide load-bearing structures and supports for Class A, B, and C structures, systems, and
components. This applies to structures and supports that are not part of the pressure
boundary.
• Provide structures and buildings to protect Class A, B, and C structures, systems, and
components from events such as internal/external missiles, seismic, and flooding. Structures
protecting equipment from nonseismic events are not required to be seismic Category I.
• Provide permanent radiation shielding to allow operator access to the main control room and
to limit the exposure to Class A, B and C structures, systems, and components
• Provide safety support functions to Class A, B and C structures, systems, and components,
such as, heat removal, room cooling, and electrical power
• Provide instrumentation and controls for automatic or manual actuation of Class A, B, and C
structures, systems, and components necessary to perform the safety-related functions of the
Class A, B, or C structure, system or component. This includes the processing of signals and
interlock functions required for proper safety performance of these structures, systems, and
components.
• Maintain spent fuel integrity, the failure of which could result in fuel damage such that
significant quantities of radioactive material could be released from the fuel and results in
Tier 2 Material 3.2-7 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
offsite doses greater than normal limits (for example, spent fuel pool, fuel transfer tube
isolation valve)
• Maintain spent fuel sub-critical
• Monitor radioactive effluent to confirm that release rates or total releases are within limits
established for normal operations and transient operation
• Monitor variables to indicate status of Class A, B or C structures, systems, and components
required for post-accident mitigation
• Provide for functions defined in Class B where structures, systems, and components, or
portions thereof are not within the scope of the ASME Code, Section III, Class 2.
• Provide provisions for connecting temporary equipment to extend the use of safety related
systems. See subsection 1.9.5 for a discussion of actions required for an extended loss of
onsite and offsite ac power sources.
The components and portions of systems that provide emergency core cooling functions and are
required to have radiography of a random sample of welds during construction include the
following:
• Accumulators
• Injection piping from the accumulators to the reactor coolant system isolation check valves in
the direct vessel injection line
• Piping from the in-containment refueling water storage tank (IRWST) and recirculation
screens to the reactor coolant system isolation check valves in the direct vessel injection line
• Piping from the Stage 1, 2, and 3 automatic depressurization system valves to the IRWST
including the spargers.
The IRWST is formed from portions of structural modules that are elements of the containment
internal structures. The inspection requirements for the welds in these structural modules are
provided in subsection 3.8.3.6.2.
3.2.2.6 Equipment Class D
Class D is nonsafety-related with some additional requirements on procurement, inspection or
monitoring.
For Class D structures, systems, and components containing radioactivity, it is demonstrated by
conservative analysis that the potential for failure due to a design basis event does not result in
exceeding the normal offsite doses per 10 CFR 20. This criterion is in conformance with the
definition of Class D in Regulatory Guide 1.26.
Tier 2 Material 3.2-8 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
A structure, system or component is classified as Class D when it directly acts to prevent
unnecessary actuation of the passive safety systems. Structures, systems and components which
support those which directly act to prevent the actuation of passive safety systems are also
Class D. The inclusion of these nonsafety-related structures, systems, and components in Class D
recognizes that these systems provide an important first level of defense that helps to reduce the
calculated probabilistic risk assessment core melt frequency. These structures, systems, and
components are normally used to support plant cooldown and depressurization and to maintain
shutdown conditions during maintenance and refueling outages.
For Class D structures, systems, and components considered to be risk significant as defined in the
reliability assurance program (see Section 16.2). Provisions are made to check for operability,
including appropriate testing and inspection, and to repair out-of-service structures, systems, and
components. These provisions are documented and administered in the plant reliability assurance
plan and operating and maintenance procedures.
A portion of chemical and volume control system is defined as the reactor coolant pressure
boundary and is Class D. This portion of the chemical and volume control system is seismically
analyzed. See subsection 5.2.1.1 for the seismic analysis requirements.
Some Class D structures, systems, and components are assumed to function in a severe
containment environment. The design requirements for these components include operation in
such an environment. An evaluation is done to confirm that the structure, system, or component
can be expected to function in such an environment.
Standard industrial quality assurance standards are applied to Class D structures, systems, and
components to provide appropriate integrity and function although 10 CFR 50, Appendix B and
10 CFR 21 do not apply. 10 CFR 50, Appendix B and 10 CFR 21 do apply to Class D structures,
systems, and components that are seismic Category I. Pertinent portions of 10 CFR 50,
Appendix B are applied to seismic Category II applications as described in subsection 3.2.1.1.2.
These industrial quality assurance standards are consistent with the guidelines for NRC Quality
Group D. The industry standards used for Class D structures, systems and components are widely
used industry standards. Typical industrial standards used for Class D systems and components
are provided as follows:
• Pressure vessels – ASME Code, Section VIII
• Piping – ANSI B 31.1. Power Piping, (Reference 5)
• Pumps – API 610 (Reference 6), or Hydraulic Institute Standards (Reference 7)
• Valves – ANSI B16.34 (Reference 8)
• Atmospheric storage tanks – API-650 (Reference 9), AWWA D 100 (Reference 10), or
ANSI B96.1 (Reference 11)
• 0 - 15 psig Storage Tanks – API-620 (Reference 12)
Tier 2 Material 3.2-9 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
• AC motor and generators – NEMA MG1 (Reference 13)
• Circuit breakers, switchgear, relays, substations and fuses – IEEE C37 (Reference 14).
The NS buildings containing Class D structures, systems, and components, as well as the
anchorage of the structures, systems, and components to the building, are designed to the seismic
requirements of the Uniform Building Code (Reference 15). The systems and components are not
designed for seismic loads. However, when Class D structures, systems, and components are
located near a Class A, B, or C structure, system, or component, the requirements for seismic
Category II may apply.
For Class D structures, systems, and components required to be monitored for maintenance
effectiveness by 10 CFR 50.65, the availability parameters and criteria are included in the
maintenance monitoring plan for evaluating the effectiveness of the maintenance program.
As examples, Class D applies to structures, systems, and components not included in Class A, B
or C that provide the following functions:
• Provide core or containment cooling which prevents challenges to the passive core cooling
system and the passive containment cooling system
• Process, extract, encase, store or reuse radioactive fluid or waste
• Verify that plant operating conditions are within technical specification limits
• Provide permanent shielding for post accident access to Class A, B or C structures, systems,
and components or of offsite personnel
• Handle spent fuel, the failure of which could result in fuel damage such that limited
quantities of radioactive material could be released from the fuel (for example, fuel handling
machine, spent fuel handling tool, new and spent fuel racks)
• Protect Class B or C structures, systems, and components necessary to attain or maintain safe
shutdown following fire
• Indicate the status of protection system bypasses that are not automatically removed as a part
of the protection system operation
• Aid in determining the cause or consequences of an event for post-accident investigation
• Prevent interaction that could result in preventing Class A, B or C structures, systems, and
components from performing required safety-related functions
• Limit the buildup of hydrogen in the containment atmosphere to acceptable values
Tier 2 Material 3.2-10 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
3.2.2.7 Other Equipment Classes
Equipment classes E, F, G, L, P, R, and W are nonsafety-related. They apply to structures,
systems, and components not covered in the above classes. They have no safety-related function to
perform. They do not contain sufficient radioactive material that a release could exceed applicable
limits.
Structures, systems, and components that do not normally contain radioactive fluids, gases, or
solids but have the potential to become radioactively contaminated are classified as one of these
nonsafety-related classes if all of the following criteria are satisfied:
• The system is only potentially radioactive and does not normally contain radioactive material,
and
• The system has shown in plant operations that the operation with the system containing
radioactive material meets or can meet unrestricted area release limits, and
• An evaluation of the system confirms that the system contains features and components that
keep the consequences of a system failure as low as reasonably achievable, and
• The system has no other regulatory guidance requiring its inclusion in Classes A, B, C or D.
This review of the system features and components includes the following as a minimum:
• Features and components that control and limit the radioactive contamination in the system
• Features that facilitate an expeditious cleanup should the system become contaminated
• Features and components that limit and control the radiological consequences of a potential
system failure
• The means by which the system prevents propagation to an event of greater consequence.
There are no special quality assurance requirements for Class E, F, G, L, P, R, and W structures,
systems, and components. Unless specifically specified, 10 CFR Part 21 and Part 50, Appendix B
do not apply. The systems and components are normally not designed for seismic loading.
However, there may be special cases where some seismic design is required. See subsection 3.2.1
for more details.
Structures, systems, and components are designed in accordance with an industry standard at the
discretion of the designer. The following provides examples of industry standards which may be
used for these classes:
Class E – This class is used for nonsafety-related structures, systems, and components that do not
have a specialized industry standard or classification, as noted in the following classes.
Class F and G – These classes are used for Fire Protection Systems. They comply with National
Fire Protection Association Codes which invoke ANSI B31.1 (Reference 5), AWWA (American
Tier 2 Material 3.2-11 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
Water Works Association), API (American Petroleum Institute), Underwriters Laboratories (UL),
and other codes, depending on service. See subsection 9.5.1 for quality assurance requirements for
fire protection structures, systems, and components. Portions of fire protection systems that protect
safety-related SSCs are designated as AP1000 equipment Class F, which meets the requirements
of ANSI B31-1 and requires seismic analysis.
Class L – This class is used in heating, ventilation and air-conditioning systems. It complies with
SMACNA - 1985 (Reference 16). Components may also be procured to AMCA and ASHRAE
standards.
Class P – This class is used for plumbing equipment. It complies with the National Plumbing
Code (Reference 17).
Class R – This class is for air cleaning units and components that may be required to contain,
clean, or exclude radioactively contaminated air. It complies with ASME 509 (Reference 18).
When used with 10 CFR Part 50 Appendix B quality assurance, it is equivalent to Class C.
Class W – This class complies with American Water Works Association guidelines with no
specific quality assurance requirements.
3.2.2.8 Instrumentation and Control Line Interface Criteria
Class C instrumentation, as defined in subsection 3.2.2.5 have a safety-related equipment class
pressure boundary including the sensing line, valves and instrument sensor. The pressure
boundary is the same safety-related equipment class as the systems or components it is connected
to. Sensing lines connected to the reactor coolant system pressure boundary are Class B if a
suitable flow restrictor is provided.
The parts of the sensor, outside the pressure boundary, are designated Class C (1E) if they provide
a safety-related function per subsection 3.2.2.1. They are Class D if the instrument supports
Class D functions per subsection 3.2.2.6. Otherwise the parts are Class E.
3.2.2.9 Electrical Classifications
Safety-related electrical equipment is equipment Class C, as outlined in subsection 3.2.2.5, and is
constructed to IEEE standards for Class 1E. The nonsafety-related electrical equipment and
instrumentation is constructed to standards including non-Class 1E IEEE standards and National
Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) standards. Safety-related electrical equipment and
instrumentation is identified in Section 3.11.
3.2.3 Inspection Requirements
Safety-related structures, systems, and components built to the requirements of the ASME Code,
Section III, are required by 10 CFR 50.55a to have in-service inspections. The requirements of the
in-service inspection program for ASME Code, Section III structures, systems, and components
are found in Section XI of the ASME Code.
The following ASME standards apply to safety-related structures, systems, and components:
Tier 2 Material 3.2-12 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
• Pumps (Class A, B, C) – ASME OM Code, Subsection ISTB
• Valves (Class A, B, C) – ASME OM Code, Subsection ISTC
• Equipment supports (Class A, B, C) – ASME Code, Section XI, Subsection IWF
• Metal containments and vessels – ASME Code, Section XI, Subsection IWE
• Other Class A components such as pipes and tanks – ASME Code, Section XI,
Subsection IWB
• Other Class B components such as pipes and tanks – ASME Code, Section XI,
Subsection IWC
• Other Class C components such as pipes and tanks – ASME Code, Section XI,
Subsection IWD.
The inspection requirements, if applicable, for Class D structures, systems, and components are
established by the designer for each structure, system, and component. These inspection
requirements are developed so that the reliability of the structures, systems, and components is not
degraded. The inspection requirements are included in the administratively controlled inspection
or maintenance plans.
3.2.4 Application of AP1000 Safety-Related Equipment and Seismic Classification System
The application of the AP1000 equipment and seismic classification system to AP1000 systems
and components is shown in Table 3.2-3. Table 3.2-3 lists safety-related and seismic Category I
mechanical and fluid system component and associated equipment class and seismic category as
well as other related information. The table also provides information on the systems that contain
Class D components. Additional information on the Class D functions of the various systems can
be found in the description in the Design Certification Document (DCD) for the systems.
Mechanical and fluid systems that contain no safety-related or Class D systems are included in the
table and general information provided on the system. Supports for piping and components have
the same classification as the component or piping supported. Supports for AP1000 equipment
Class A, B, and C mechanical components and piping are constructed to ASME Code, Section III,
Subsection NF requirements. The principal construction code for supports for nonsafety-related
components and piping is the same as that for the supported component or piping.
Following the name of each system is the building location of the system components. Some of
the systems supply all or most of the buildings. This is indicated by identifying the location as
various. Where a system includes piping or ducts that only passed through a building without
including any components that building is generally not included in the list.
The following list includes the systems in Table 3.2-3. The three letters in the beginning of each
line is the acronym for the system. The systems included in Table 3.2-3 are listed alphabetically by
three letter acronym. Those systems marked with an asterisk * are electrical or instrumentation
systems and are not included in Table 3.2-3. The components in the incore instrumentation system
Tier 2 Material 3.2-13 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
that have a pressure boundary function are included in the table. See Section 3.11 for
identification of safety-related electrical and instrumentation equipment.
NSSS/Steam Generator Controls and Auxiliaries
BDS Steam Generator Blowdown System
CNS Containment System
CVS Chemical and Volume Control System
PCS Passive Containment Cooling System
PXS Passive Core Cooling System
RCS Reactor Coolant System
RNS Normal Residual Heat Removal System
RXS Reactor System
SGS Steam Generator System
Nuclear Control and Monitoring
*DAS Diverse Actuation System
IIS Incore Instrumentation System
*OCS Operation and Control Centers
*PMS Protection and Safety Monitoring System
PSS Primary Sampling System
*RMS Radiation Monitoring System
*SJS Seismic Monitoring System
*SMS Special Monitoring System
Main Power Cycle and Auxiliaries
CDS Condensate System
CFS Turbine Island Chemical Feed System
CPS Condensate Polishing System
DTS Demineralized Water Treatment System
DWS Demineralized Water Transfer and Storage System
FWS Main and Startup Feedwater System
GSS Gland Seal System
HDS Heater Drain System
MSS Main Steam System
MTS Main Turbine System
RWS Raw Water System
TDS Turbine Island Vents, Drains and Relief System
Class 1E and Emergency Power Systems
*IDS Class 1E dc and UPS System
Cooling and Circulating Water
CCS Component Cooling Water System
CES Condenser Tube Cleaning System
CWS Circulating Water System
SFS Spent Fuel Pit Cooling System
SWS Service Water System
Tier 2 Material 3.2-14 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
TCS Turbine Building Closed Cooling Water System
Auxiliary Steam
ASS Auxiliary Steam Supply System
Generation and Transmission
*ZAS Main Generation System
*ZBS Transmission Switchyard and Offsite Power System
*ZVS Excitation and Voltage Regulation System
Radwaste
WGS Gaseous Radwaste System
WLS Liquid Radwaste System
WRS Radioactive Waste Drain System
WSS Solid Radwaste System
HVAC
VAS Radiologically Controlled Area Ventilation System
VBS Nuclear Island Nonradioactive Ventilation System
VCS Containment Recirculation Cooling System
VES Main Control Room Emergency Habitability System
VFS Containment Air Filtration System
VHS Health Physics and Hot Machine Shop HVAC System
VLS Containment Hydrogen Control System
VRS Radwaste Building HVAC System
VTS Turbine Building Ventilation System
VUS Containment Leak Rate Test System
VWS Central Chilled Water System
VXS Annex/Auxiliary Nonradioactive Ventilation System
VYS Hot Water Heating System
VZS Diesel Generator Building Ventilation System
Turbine-Generator Controls and Auxiliary
CMS Condenser Air Removal System
HCS Generator Hydrogen and CO Systems
2
HSS Hydrogen Seal Oil System
LOS Main Turbine and Generator Lube Oil System
*TOS Main Turbine Control and Diagnostics System
Material Handling
FHS Fuel Handling and Refueling System
MHS Mechanical Handling System
Piping Services
CAS Compressed and Instrument Air Systems
DOS Standby Diesel Fuel Oil System
FPS Fire Protection System
Tier 2 Material 3.2-15 Revision 19

3. Design of Structures, Components,
Equipment and Systems AP1000 Design Control Document
PGS Plant Gas Systems
PWS Potable Water System
Non-Class 1E Power Systems
*ECS Main AC Power System
*EDS Non-Class 1E dc and UPS System
ZOS Onsite Standby Power System
*ZRS Offsite Retail Power System
Miscellaneous Electrical Systems
*EFS Communication Systems
*EGS Grounding and Lightning Protection System
*EHS Special Process Heat Tracing System
*ELS Plant Lighting System
*EQS Cathodic Protection System
Non-Nuclear Controls and Monitoring
*DDS Data Display and Processing System
*MES Meteorological and Environmental Monitoring System
*PLS Plant Control System
*SES Plant Security System
SSS Secondary Sampling System
*TVS Closed Circuit TV System
Non-Radioactive Drains
DRS Storm Drain System
RDS Gravity and Roof Drain Collection System
SDS Sanitary Drainage System
WWS Waste Water System
Those systems marked with an asterisk (*) are electrical or instrumentation systems and are not
included in Table 3.2-3.
3.2.5 Combined License Information
This section contains no requirement for additional information to be provided in support of the
Combined License application.
3.2.6 References
1. ANSI N18.2a-75, “Nuclear Safety Criteria for the Design of Stationary Pressurized Water
Reactor Plants.”
2. ANS/ANSI 51.1-83, “Nuclear Safety Criteria for the Design of Stationary Pressurized Water
Reactor Plants.”
3. IEEE 323-74, “IEEE Standard for Qualifying Class 1E Equipment for Nuclear Power
Generating Stations.”
Tier 2 Material 3.2-16 Revision 19